people are always talking about freedom
freedom live certain way of course the
more you live a certain way the less it
feels like freedom me I can change
during the course of a day awaken I'm
one person and when I go to sleep I know
for certain I'm somebody else
see you just want me to say what you
want me to say
once upon a time it bent so fast do the
bumps of time in you
then you
people call say it meanwhile they want
from me his finger-pointing socks only
got ten figures
about me more it's all about him
that's nature's will and against
nature's every
good ass for you was an older man well
it used to be for my children
what's with all this looms de luca's
hope is yes chaos clocks watermelons
nose is pretty too everything
Oh
you